Hello bums,
this is for people,
who have still experienced the horny times of Berlin.
Do you still remember the berlin allowance?
That's exactly what we plan to do,
money instead of work.
So as soon as the wall resists,
comes the financial compensation
for the disadvantages or advantages
into play the berlin allowance
risingLebenshaltungskosten
through thickened belts oh,
Shortage of skilled workers in pubs,
the way back to mom.
Too embarrassing!
The reintroduction of the berlin allowance
is the solution to this problem.
Attention voters,
theBerechnungsgrundlage for the berlin allowance
is the election result
of the MH party in percent times
so and so much thing per mille.
So
who has Bock,
to experience again the horny old times
votes the party.